DEVDOCS-2085: Dev Center | Theme Docs | Multi-Language Checkout (#620)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/localization/translation-keys.md

You can find a list of code subtags in the [IANA Language Subtag Registry](http://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry). These subtags are primitives that you can combine to create file name prefixes for individual regions. Here are some examples:

| Localization file name | Corresponding regional language variant | Subtags used |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `en.json` | English (default file)| en (English) |
| `en-US.json` | American English | en (English) + US (United States) |
| `en-AU.json` | Australian English | en (English) + AU (Australia) |
| `fr.json` | French | en (French) |
| `fr-CA.json` | Canadian French | fr (French) + CA (Canada) |

For more examples of frequently-used codes, see [ISO 639-2 Codes for the Representation of Names of Languages](http://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php).

## Localization file structure

The JSON translation files are structured as key-value pairs. Here is an example from Cornerstone’s `en.json` file: 

`"welcome_back": "Welcome back, {name}"`

* `"welcome_back"` - is an arbitrary key name for a welcome message. 
* `"Welcome back, {name}"` - the value assigned for English-language stores.

> If you design your theme’s storefront pages to refer to this message by its generic key name `"welcome_back"`, they can pass its localized value in other languages, as that value is defined in each language’s JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you design your theme’s storefront pages to refer to this message by its generic key name `"welcome_back"`, they can pass its localized value in other languages, as that value resides in each language’s JSON file.

```

lineNumbers: true
-->

```json
{
  "header": {
    "welcome_back": "Welcome back, {name}"
    },
  "prelaunch": {
    "coming_soon": "Coming Soon",
    "intro": "This store will be launching shortly. Please visit again!"
    },
  "cart": {
    "items": "{NUM, plural, =0{(0 items)} one {(# item)} other {(# items)}}",
    "label": "Your Cart ({quantity, plural, one {# item} other {# items}})",
    "is_empty": "Your cart is empty",
    "coupon_code": "Coupon Code",
    "discount": "Discount",
    "gift_certificate": "Gift Certificate",
    "freeshipping": "Free Shipping",
    "shipping_peritem": "Per Item Shipping",
    "shipping_estimator": {
      "add_info": "Add Info",
      "select_a_country": "Country",
      "select_a_state": "State/province",
      "estimate_shipping": "Estimate Shipping",
      }
    },
  //...
}

```

## Invoking a translation key

> Once keys and values are defined in the [JSON translation file](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/tree/master/lang), you can invoke dynamic translation strings using the custom `{{lang}}` [Handlebars string helper](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/reference-docs/handlebars-helpers-reference#string-helpers). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you define keys and values in the [JSON translation file](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/tree/master/lang), you can invoke dynamic translation strings using the custom `{{lang}}` [Handlebars string helper](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/reference-docs/handlebars-helpers-reference#string-helpers). 

```

<a href="{{ urls.account }}">Welcome Back <span>{{ customer.name }}</span></a>
```

> The corresponding internationalized version would substitute the text with the fully dynamic `{{ lang }}` Handlebars helper as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding internationalized version would substitute the text with the fully dynamic `{{ lang }}` Handlebars helper, as shown below:

```

```json
{
  "header": {
    "welcome_back": "Welcome back, {name}",
    "skip_to_main": "Skip to main content"
    },
  "cart": {
    "continue_shopping": "Click here to continue shopping",
      //...
    "label": "Your Cart ({quantity, plural, one {# item} other {# items}})",
    "is_empty": "Your cart is empty",
    "coupon_code": "Coupon Code",
    "discount": "Discount",
    "gift_certificate": "Gift Certificate",
    "freeshipping": "Free Shipping",
    "reconfigure_product": "Configure '{name}'",
    "shipping_peritem": "Per Item Shipping",
    },
  "common": {
    "currency": "Select Currency: {code}",
    "newsletter_signup": "Register for our newsletter",
    "form_submit": "Submit",
    "required": "Required",
    "optional": "Optional",
    "email_address": "Email Address",
    "sign_up": "Register",
    "login": "Sign in",
    "logout": "Sign out",
    "cart": "Cart",
    "search": "Search",
    "paginator": {
        "page_of": "Page {current} of {total}"
      },
    //...
    },
}
```

Translation files for other languages would use a similar format to define key-value pairs in their respective languages.

## Resources

> ### Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional resources

```
